You find, again, a noble son, noble daughter, a contract qualified spiritual friend.
When you find that qualified student, a qualified spiritual friend,
contract, associate, be together, explore the good things so that you can develop.
As that good spiritual, qualified, inherited, or has, that is whole idea.
So therefore, again, talking about the qualifications,
and there is so many qualifications in the Buddha teaching explained, very detailed, etc.,
thorough, though, applying the different aspects of the Buddha teaching.
But I mentioned, generally, kind of understanding of the basic Buddhism qualification of the
spiritual friend,
and in particular, the basic qualification of the spiritual friend of the Mahayana.
And today, I will talk really about the qualification of the spiritual friend or the Mahayana
teacher, of the Mahayana teachers.
And this is according, again, to the great master, longchenpa.
So, of course, there is many things, but this is something that will teach you,
or guide you, or support you, in helping practice place, practice place.
Those are what we say.
So, I will list those things, those items or the numbers, and then I will go here to bring you all
those things.
And the first level is, that spiritual friend, one who received the empowerment,
or who has the empowerment, received that Mahayana teacher's empowerment,
and also may stay with the Samayas, received empowerment, keeping the Samayas.
And that, individually, is very gentle, very gentle.
And then, I am just going to list those.
And the next one is, that individually, has also knowledge of the entirely generally Mahayana Buddh
ists.
And that, individually, is also practicing, meditating, getting some degree of realization.
Because of that, also, that individually is so gentle, so tamed mind, that individually is tamed,
very tamed.
And that, individually, is also so compassionate.
Therefore, again, also helping to other beings, all the times.
That, individually, or that spiritual friend, is also not called with the samsara-posit activities.
And always engaging, supporting, encouraging practices, or, I mean, this one, that individual's
heart.
Heart, head, hand, or hands.
And that, individually, is also very kind of understanding of the phenomena, these external things.
Such as, for renunciations, understand of the empowerment, understand of the cause and the effect.
The system, law of the karmas, and the samsara-naturals.
Naturals, all this, so very kind of understanding of the samsara-posit activities.
And very ready to support to the others, help to the others.
And that, individually, has also a lot of skillful means, a lot of spiritual skillful means.
And that, individually, also has lineage blessings, lineage blessings.
So, those are the great marks of mankind, by listening to them.
The one who really qualified the spiritual friend, who can teach you to ask, lead, and usher into
the path to practice lineage.
And here he added that, if you find that spiritual friend,
that will help to fulfill the accomplishment of the Siddhas.
And will bring, accomplish in the Siddhas.
So, those are the mists of the practice, these are.